Refactor the repository layout (#378)
cisagov/skeleton-packer: README.md

```console
pip install --requirement requirements-dev.txt
ansible-galaxy install --force --force-with-deps --role-file ansible/requirements.yml
AWS_PROFILE=cool-images-ec2amicreate-skeleton-packer packer build --timestamp-ui -var release_tag=$(./bump_version.sh show) -var is_prerelease=true packer.pkr.hcl
```

If you are satisfied with your pre-release image, you can easily create a release

> that deploys to all regions by adding additional regions to the Packertemplate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that deploys to all regions by adding additional regions to the Packer template.
```
